This program is an RapidOCR loot tracker for Black Desert Online. It does not inject code or read game log files and that is not allowed by Pearl Abyss. This uses something called RapidOCR and screencaptures your Item Drop Log to track Loot. Program is still in very early stages and is only about 90% accurate. With more time and tuning it will get better. There are 3 major things. 1 You will need to go into Settings and move the RapidOCR to capture your Item Drop Log window. I was going to make a short video on how to do and link the video in the settings tab. 2. The Program has to run in Admin mode for the click-thru to work right 3. The game has to run in full screen Windowed mode for the OCR to work. If you are Fullscreen it will not be able to capture / / / / /



Currenly only Darkseekers and Holigm base and Dok Forest are done. Am working on Tungrads next. But it was made for personal use so i was only making the database on places I can grind. I was trying to figure a way around it and use BDO Codex and arsha io to pull marketplace data but I was getting blocked. So again this was not really going to be shared for public use so I was just now maunally doing the database. Again this part sucks ///



if you wish to use this program you are 100% free to mess with it edit the code as you see fit. The Compiled EXES are in the dist folder you will need The two EXES and the BDO\_Dat folder to make it work. Run the BDO\_Data\_Sync.exe first then run the BDO\_Loot\_Tracker.exe . The BDO\_Data\_Sync.exe pulls from a manual database I personally update. So what is there today might be much different tomorrow. Am always adding to it. Goal is to add all the 300 AP plus spots done in a week or two. Again this was a peronal project and not really meant to be shared. So I will focus on my currnet grind spots first. Maybe over time I can figure out a way to use an API to pull this data live and not have to manunally do it. But as long as I have to manually do the DB it will be slow. I also want to play BDO and grind.

